# 01. Executive Summary

---

<p>
  APT40 is a Chinese-Sponsored cyber espionage group formally attributed to the Hainan State Security Department (HSSD) of China's Ministry State Security (MSS). 
  Operational sinced atleast 2009 and publicly named by Mandiant/FireEye in March 2019, the group has been tracked under a dozen aliases including Leviathan, TEMP.Periscope, Bronze Mohawk, and Gingham Typhoon.
  The group was formally indicted by U.S. Department of Justice in July 2021, naming four Chinese nationals and exposing the front company Hainan Xiandun Technology Development Company 
  as the operational cover of the group's activities.
</p>

<p>
  While other threat actors has mandate that allows them to pursue broad geopolitical intelligence collection or domestic suppression and economic espionage,
  APT40 occupies a distinctive niche in the Chinese cyber espionage ecosystem. APT40's mandate is more precisely scoped: <strong>Naval Modernization Intelligence Collection,
  Maritime Domain Awareness, and BRI-Partner Nationa Political Intelligence</strong>. Mandiant has explicitly describe the group as focused on "supporting China's ambition to establish a Blue-Water Navy."
</p>

<p>
  APT40 has its preference for exploiting vulnerably public-facing infrastructure over human-interaction vectors such as phishing, combined with the capability
  to deploy against newly disclosed CVEs within hours of PoC Publication. The group's systematic weaponization of compromised SOHO(Small Office/Home Office) routers as last-hop redictors
  to mask C2 traffic is now one of the defining characteristics of the PRC's broader cyber espionage ecosystem. This defining tradecraft characteristics of APT40 was the subject of a landmark Eight-Nation Joint Advisory
  co-sealed Intelligence and Cybsersecurity Agenciesby Australia, United States, United Kingdom, Canada, New Zealand, Germany, South Korea, and Japan.
</p>

<p>
  The targeting of Naval Research, Maritime Engineering, Defense Contractors, and BRI-Partner Governments by APT40 creates a specific risks for these following sectors:
  <ul>
    <li> Naval Research Institutions and Maritime Engineering Firms globally </li>
    <li> ASEAN Governments with South China Sea disputes </li>
    <li> Pacific Island Nations </li>
    <li> Australia and New Zealand Government Networks </li>
    <li> Technology, Biomedical, and Aviation Sectors </li>
    <li> Any Organizations running unpatched Public-Facing Infrastructures </li>
  </ul>
</p>

---

<p>
  The critical implication of the July 2024 Eight Nation Joint Advisory is that traditional phishing-focused defenses are insufficient against APT40. 
  An organization that trains employees in avoiding suspicious emails and then neglects to patch VPN Concentrators, Exchange Servers, and Edge Routers 
  within days of vulnerability disclosure is providing a primary attack surface to this threat actor. There are high-leverage defensive control against APT40 
  that Organizations or Governments can use as a practice, these are Patch Velocity, Attack Surface Reduction, and Web Shell Detection.
</p>



