# 01. Executive Summary

<p>
  Active since at least 2010, Naikon is one of the longest continuosly operating APT groups in the Asia Pacific threat landscape. Naikon APT is a Chinese 
  Cyber Espionage group attributed to PLA Unit 78020, part of the Chengdu Military Regional Second Technical Reconnaisance Bureau (2nd TRB) located in Kunming, Yunnan Province.

  The group was publicly named in an April 2015 report by Kaspersky and its operator was identified on the same year through a joint investigation by ThreatConnect and Defense Group Inc.,
  that named Ge Xing (handle:"GreenSky27") as a member of PLA Unit 78020. Despite this unprecedented public exposure, Naikon has continued operating - resurfacing in 2019,
  again in 2022, and most recently documented in September 2025 by Cisco Talos. 

  One of Naikon's defining strategic mandate is collecting intelligence against the countries within the South China Sea theater. They specifically targets governments,
  militaries, diplomatic services, and civil aviation authorities in ASEAN member states whose territorial claims conflict with China's expansive maritime assertion.
</p>

<p>
  Naikon's 15+ years focus on ASEAN Member States' most sensitive government and military networks, combined with demonstrated resilience, retooling capability,
  and willingness to remain dormant for years if needed makes it one of the most patient, and persistent espionage threats in the region. Organization in the Philippines,
  Vietnam, Malaysia, Indonesia, Myanmar, Brunei, and Thailand should treat Naikon as an enduring, never-fully-dormant threat, regardless of the current visibility of its operations.
  The September 2025 Cisco Talos disclosure of an ongoing campaign since 2022 targeting Central and South Asian telecom and manufacturing sectors confirms Naikon remains active with near-2-year dwell times in victim environments.
</p>

